The all pages report displays many metrics.
But one metric that we don't see is conversion rate for goals or for e-commerce.
Similarly, if we were to access the top events report,
we would not see any conversion metrics.
Of course, we would all want to know which pages and events are supporting conversions,
but this correlation is not as obvious in Google Analytics as we may expect.
The reason goes back to the subtle but fundamental topic of scope in Google Analytics.
Lets say that we have a series of pageviews and events that lead to a conversion,
when that conversion happens Google Analytics associates the conversion with
the entire session and everything that happened within
the session but not with individual hits within the session.
Each hit within the session has hit scope.
So, we can report metrics such as page views for pages,
and total events for events.
But, we cannot directly report on conversion metrics for page views or for events.
Again, because conversions exist at session scope,
and pageviews and events have hits scope.
If we navigated to the landing pages report on the other hand,
we would see e-commerce conversion data,
if of course e-commerce was configured,
and same thing for goals.
Why do we see conversion data in
the landing pages report but not in the all pages report?
The landing page is defined as the first page view in a session.
Therefore, the scope of the landing page dimension is not hit scope, but session scope.
So, we can associate conversions with
landing pages being the first page view within a session,
session scope to session scope.
It's of course very very useful to be able to see conversion data landing pages.
But we also want to know how pages and events are
supporting conversions when they're not the first hit in the session.
That's what we're going to explore in this lesson.